so you want to become a heavy metal hero
but don't know how sure you want all the
things a rocks lifestyle will afford you
the money the fame the sweet cars but
there's one thing in the way you suck
well help is on the way my friend I'm
cutter savage and I'm gonna teach you
everything you need to know to not suck
well you might suck anyway but there's
only so much one person could do all
right let's get started this episode
focuses on two and happy once you learn
this pyrotechnic technique you'll be on
your way to blowing people's add one leg
on the monitor pose and you're well on
your way okay the first thing you need
to do is practice tapping with the right
hand finger to get some kind of tone out
of the note oh there are different
techniques out there but i like to
anchor my thumb on the neck then press
with my index finger to fred a note next
thing you need to do is find an anchor
point another note down below and hit
that with your index finger on your left
hand
make sure you hit right in between the
frets not on it's gonna sound like
doodoo next thing you need to do is add
a hammer on with your pinky finger
practice slowly starting with the index
finger on your right-hand bend your left
hand then the pinkie now you need is a
pointy guitar so spandex pants and a
smoke machine boom instant raka